He earned his doctorate in nuclear physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He even sold one unit that made vinyl checkbook covers.
Nekoosa wouldn't be a diversification.
Lids aren't even needed.
A few fast-food outlets are giving it a try.
The company acknowledges some problems.
The company is contesting the fine.
It should be the Natural Resources Defense Council.
We have made no such statement.
That was the law.
It was censorship.
It was outrageous.
It does a first-rate job.
This is not a trivial issue.
The man was Charles Z. Wick.
He had no answers then.
Now there are some.
Wall Street reacted favorably to Mr. McGovern's departure and its implications.
Growth has fallen short of targets and operating earnings are far below results in U.S. units.
Crown Publishing Group, acquired last year, is said to be turning in disappointing results.
President Reagan learned that lesson.
If Congress does nothing, President Bush will have won.
President Bush should set things straight.
Mr. Sidak served as an attorney in the Reagan administration.
Most of those states set farm income records.
Many lost their farms.
The prospective buyers included investor Marvin Davis and the Toronto Sun.
Financially, it never recovered; editorially, it had its moments.
Hearst said it would provide employees with a placement service and pay them for 60 days.
The reaction in the newsroom was emotional.
Neither company would disclose the program's cost.
An appeal is expected.
That divergence is what stock index traders seek.
Index arbitrage is a common form of program trading.
Arbitrage doesn't cause volatility; it responds to it.
Mr. Allen's Pittsburgh firm, Advanced Investment Management Inc., executes program trades for institutions.
Corporate lawyers said the new fees wouldn't inhibit many mergers or other transactions.
Mr. McGuigan cites three completed efforts in Oklahoma.
Price records are being set at auctions this week.
Other works also have been exceeding price estimates.
FAMILY PETS are improving recovery rates of patients at Columbia Hospital, Milwaukee.
It's not a sound thing; there's no inherent virtue in it."
You can't hold back technology."
There's no culprit here.
Scott Taccetta, a Chicago accountant, is going into money-market funds.
Superconductors conduct electricity without resistance when cooled.
Such multi-crystal materials will probably be needed for commercial applications.
The appointment takes effect Nov. 13.
The bonds are insured and triple-A-rated.
Guaranteed by Svenska Handelsbanken.
It's fueled by the increasing profitability of major-league teams.
Pepperdine University economist Dean Baim scoffs at that.
In San Francisco, its backers concede the ballpark is at best running even in the polls.
Shearson also has been an aggressive participant in the leveraged buy-out business.
This has some logic.
Rep. Gary Ackerman noted that past food aid had harmed farmers in El Salvador and Egypt.
Dealers said the market agreed.
The percentage change is since year-end.
Hold the Putty!
Arraignments are scheduled for Nov. 14.
Also, more people said conditions will worsen in the period.
Total return measures price changes and interest income.
Elsewhere:
Terms weren't disclosed.
Mr. Oxnard observed that the situation in Brazil is also very complicated.
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS:
Volume totaled 11,390,000 shares.
Nissan scheduled a seven-yen interim dividend payment, unchanged.
First of America said some of the managers will take other jobs with First of America.
South African troops were placed on alert.
An airline buy-out bill was approved by the House.
Random House Chairman Robert Bernstein said he is resigning from the publishing house he has run for 23 years.
But its 17 big junk holdings at year end showed only a few bonds that have been really battered.
Terms weren't disclosed.
He increases the board to seven.
The two partners merely had to falsify the true ownership of the corporation.
Wedtech management used the merit system.
"Feeding Frenzy" does provide a few clues.
This is the real issue raised by the Wedtech scandal.
Waertsilae Marine's bankruptcy proceedings began Tuesday in a Helsinki court.
The September index was 47.1%.
Terms weren't disclosed.
A record date hasn't been set.
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund.
Is this the future of chamber music?
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation.
In this instance, industry observers say, he is entering uncharted waters.
Inventor Claire Marvin says his design virtually eliminates spilling.
It would ease jail overcrowding while preserving historic structures, the company says.
But people familiar with the agenda of the board's meeting last week in London said Mr. McGovern was fired.
The minimum unit is $100,000.
The Underwood family said that holders of more than a majority of the stock of the company have approved the transaction by written consent.
The combined processes may significantly raise the current-carrying capacity of multi-crystal samples.
UAL's announcement came after the market closed yesterday.
Continued export demand also supported prices.
Nissan cited strong domestic sales against the backdrop of continuous economic expansion.
A successor wasn't named.
They take place in government programs that seem tailor-made for corruption.
The record corn-buying binge by the Soviet Union is causing serious bottlenecks in the U.S. grain pipeline.
Railroad companies and some ports are reaping a sudden windfall of business.
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business.
"My fastball is good.
"I tried."
But the ballplayers disagree.
"There will be a lot of malice."
So he adjusts.
He no longer crowds the plate.
He has good control.
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp., which is based in Japan.
Indeed, the government is taking a calculated risk.
The venture will be based in Indianapolis.
Taipei was closed for a holiday.
The percentage change is since year-end.
But when market interest rates move up rapidly, increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag.
In a porous wicker basket.
No wonder.
The board increased by one to 26 members.
The venture would be the latest in Coke's rapid expansion of overseas investment.
In the past, however, Coke has typically taken a minority stake in such ventures.
Saul Resnick
Public Affairs
Conrail
The price wasn't disclosed.
This measure had dropped sharply in August.
The charge resulted from a settlement approved yesterday by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities.
It's also unnecessary.
The CIA told him it does not do domestic counterespionage.
Finally, he got help.
President
The Reserve Fund
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench.
The local American Legion color guard led the way.
Some of the allegations are simply bizarre.
Clearly, the judge has had his share of accomplishments.
"He's sharp as a tack.
But when the judge received his payment book, he disavowed the deal.
The judge wrote again.
The bank acquiesced.
Terms weren't disclosed.
All the concerns are based in Toronto.
`Frequent Drinker' Offer Stirs Up Spirited Debate
But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend.
She now lives with relatives in Alabama.
Then he would move his movement to Europe.
Their legacy lives on.
Manville and the trust are discussing the offer, but no decision has been made.
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL?
The South Korean government is signing a protocol today establishing formal diplomatic relations with Poland.
The two are also signing a trade agreement.
For instance, the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts.
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo.
The merged firm will carry Norris McLaughlin's name.
Other trips were more productive.
Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall.
Mr. Azoff hasn't named the company yet, but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner.
This was George Bush's own idea.
He dies.
"That's not possible."
I just don't understand it.
My relationships with the British are totally different.
They lorded it over me.
Is the trouble over?
Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China?
He can't.
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone.
The devices' most remarkable possibilities, though, involve the brain.
Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines.
The trust will issue the certificates.
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects.
Now, the White House has decided to accept the higher wage over only two years.
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently, but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced.
Mr. Edelson couldn't be reached for comment.
He shut down the company's tony New York headquarters.
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms, and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder.
Terms were not disclosed.
Gillette South Africa employs about 250 people.
Trial and Terror
Ocean Drilling said it won't hold any shares of the new company after the restructuring.
The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy.
The AFL-CIO also embraces treatment guidelines.
The fasteners, nuts and bolts, are sold to the North American auto market.
The three existing plants and their land will be sold.
The two companies each produce market pulp, containerboard and white paper.
Nekoosa is incorporated in Maine.
Medco Research developed the drug and licensed it to Lyphomed for sale in the U.S. and Canada.
The new data underscored the severity of the nation's health-care cost problem.
However, StatesWest isn't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa.
Bond prices also edged higher.
That's what happened yesterday.
The rally notwithstanding, there are plenty of worries about the short-term course of stock prices.
Meanwhile, bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate.
In major market activity:
Stock prices rallied in active trading.
Bond prices rose.
The initial spots will appear during morning and prime-time news shows.
Nasdaq's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks.
Gen-Probe was another active takeover stock.
Vice President
Some Democrats thought they might have compromised too much.
The West Germans then took over and finally found Markus Hess.
Nonetheless, it will barely make a dent in Mitsubishi Estate's finances, analysts say.
Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired.
At that time, tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority.
But most cases of non-violent civil disobedience are not nearly so benign.
TAXPAYERS' RIGHTS are defined by a growing number of states.
Excerpts follow:
The lawsuit alleges that an inventory of Pinkerton's memorabilia disclosed that one of the watches hadn't been forked over by American Brands.
A final agreement has not been signed, and the moves will not have a material effect on the company, Gillette said.
The dollar gained against most foreign currencies.
Yesterday, bank stocks lagged behind the overall OTC market.
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger.
The value of the transaction wasn't disclosed.
The same jealousy can breed confusion, however, in the absence of any authorization bill this year.
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors."
(During its centennial year, The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history.)
Commercial gene-splicing was born.
The trip from the test tube was not without snags.
Volume totaled 11,820,000 shares.
A simultaneous announcement was made in Moscow.
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians, who vowed to oust Ozal.
It didn't work.
The exchange should take a pro-active position."
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market's recent gloom.
Health-insurance costs soared.
British sterling eased to $1.5775 from $1.5825.
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released.
By the end of the day, bond prices were mixed.
In the corporate market, an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention.
Short-term rates also were mixed.
Corporate Issues
Mr. Carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants.
Japanese government bonds showed little change.
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co., Triangle's chief asset.
Certainly, the Oct. 13 sell-off didn't settle any stomachs.
Beyond that, money managers and analysts see other problems.
That's just what Joseph Granville expects.
Mr. Stovall doesn't expect an actual recession.
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.
That's my challenge.
It's Mike's challenge as well."
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too.
The index settled off the high of 2117.1 posted after Wall Street opened stronger.
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party.
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading.
About 1,150 employees are covered by the new agreement, Deere said.
Investors welcomed the move.
Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales, but the official said it doesn't necessarily mean that local sales contracts are increasing that markedly.
Other Western Union securities were also lower.
In a cross-border transaction, the buyer is in a different region of the globe from the target.
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany.
Japan is a major target for the Soviets.
And what they have shown isn't impressive.
It scared brokers, but most survived.
The timing for change was right.
It's a horrible machine, actually.
Mr. Panelli has plenty of company.
That's good news for marketers of walking shoes.
They don't even give a nod to human sensibilities by celebrating Halloween.
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics.
A foul-smelling demon supposedly plagued a house in Mannington, Ky.
The Canadian wound up writing a check.
But sometimes more energetic attacks are required.
Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer.
THE IRS may taketh what the Labor Department giveth.
Some even study.
Capital flight is reported to be strong.
Officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off.
Mr. Conn charges that Humana's own actions undermine its argument.
They're looking for something that's very safe."
It also saves money.
Knight-Ridder wouldn't comment on the offer.
Terms weren't disclosed.
Investors pulled back from bond funds in September, too.
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer.
Not even an earthquake.
The walls shook; the building rocked.
The insurance adjusters think differently.
Terms weren't disclosed.
President North American Physicians Insurance Risk Retention Group
Mr. Bass is based in Fort Worth.
Analysts said the nation's second-largest drugstore chain was a valuable company, despite its financial woes.
The Bougainville mine is generally expected to remain closed until at least the end of the year.
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS:
COFFEE:
Futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume.
Terms weren't disclosed.
Yet that didn't eliminate program trading from the market.
Bond prices crept higher.
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92%.
The dollar gained.
Now, the personal-computer revolution is finally reaching Japan.
Others analyze the data.
Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand.
That is the state of Japan's computer industry.
They long made little effort here.
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects.
That is typically about a three-week window.
The result?
The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market.
Mr. Freeman is an executive vice president of American Express.
A program-bashing move is clearly on.
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18, when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression.
Termination means that the agency's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans, but workers don't accrue new benefits.
Sometimes, the ads attempt to raise money; always, they try to boost good will.
That hasn't deterred plenty of companies.
Nissan created its quake ad in a weekend.
The securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19%.
A main motive is hard cash.
Among other things, they said, Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label.
Electronic gimmicks are key.
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do.
To viewers from a distance, visitors to the spot seemed to shrink disproportionately, relative to the background.
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern.
The 120-day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday.
At the time merchants were asking for premiums of about five cents a pound.
Housing has been weak all year and especially so in the past five months.
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year.
NEW ACCOUNT:
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade.
In response to this, the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments.
We suspect Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy.
The American Bankers Association didn't have any comment on the plan.
That is for the future.
They have about seven candidates.
The finding riveted medicine.
It was an audacious claim.
Their report galvanized other molecular biologists.
Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene.
Known as Easy Eggs, the product has disappointed investors.
The extent of Marriott's use isn't known, and Marriott officials couldn't be reached for comment.
Many analysts question management's credibility.
Prospective competition is one problem.
They are buying an operation that is running well."
Some former strike-force personnel say the units have already begun to break up.
At the time the plan was announced, there were 135 lawyers.
Among other things, the bill calls for a reorganization of the Justice Department.
Golenbock, with 35 lawyers, has lost several partners during the past year.
Judge Hancock didn't return phone calls.
DPC said it couldn't comment on the suit.
Few petitions, however, have actually delayed or scuttled mergers.
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years.
Mr. Green couldn't be reached.
That is a property right that belongs to the performer."
Sterling was quoted at $1.5820, up from $1.5795 late Friday.
Terms weren't disclosed.
All four demonstrators were arrested.
The laws take effect next month.
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court.
Drug companies lost a major liability case.
Fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market.
It's a kind of an investment."
With the new service, American will fly 161 flights a week to 17 European cities.
The airline also named Mickey Foret as president.
Before that, he was an executive with a manufacturing concern.
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.
These farmers may have a grip on the world's very heart.
The plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds.
In April, the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded.
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr., president of Crowntuft, will continue to head Crowntuft's management group.
Some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market.
Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed.
Others were more cautious.
That paradox is Hong Kong's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China.
The first instance occurred in 1967-68, when China's Cultural Revolution triggered bloody street rioting in the colony.
The market has grown relatively quiet since the China crisis.
Last year, 45,000 went.
Consequently, abrupt swings in the stock market are not likely to disappear anytime soon, they say.
It just isn't done.
The bonds will be issued for a term of 34 years at an interest rate of 8%.
In addition to 26 chapters in the U.S., there are 40 chapters in foreign countries.
Investment analysts generally agree.
An indication of Akzo's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results.
But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector, laying the seeds of protectionism.
So Mr. Lawson had to resign.
Mr. Phillips made his comments during an interview detailing his plans for the agency.
The conversion price is $9.58 a share.
In his letter, Mr. Finkelstein also referred to the recent San Francisco earthquake.
They've been given a mandate from Switzerland" to expand their U.S. chocolate operations.
Nestle S.A. is based in Vevey, Switzerland.
These are curious times in South African politics.
All their utterances are vague."
The ball he hit wasn't a strike.
Baseball ain't football, where the good teams beat up on the bad ones.
Stewart's honor was a nice note on a couple of grounds.
The number includes such unstylish burgs as, well, Oakland.
In peak periods that load may include 4,000 pieces.
Then they identified snags in the process."
The report is to be released today.
There is a small Renoir on the wall.
Mr. Rey says the move is yet another example of his conservatism.
However, the resolve of some of the striking 57,000 machinists might be weakening.
Analysts agreed.
Jim Unruh, Unisys's president, said he is approaching next year with caution.
He softened the talk about a recession.
Mr. Bostian said in August that his macroeconomic index signaled recession.
This is the commercial version.
Some smaller clients don't seem to notice his switch.
Mr. Shilling understands Mr. Straszheim's problems.
New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years."
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug.
The accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve.
Mr. Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply-side revolutionary, however.
Now he can go further.
To date, scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors.
Foothills' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines.
The Arabs had merely oil.
One of the studies, done at the University of Minnesota, tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels.
The apparel maker wouldn't disclose terms of the agreement.
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed.
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment.
Some stock-index funds are huge.
Is he a victim of Gramm-Rudman cuts?
Pacific First owns Pacific First Federal Savings Banks and other financial services firms.
The conversion price for the debentures is $41.725 a share.
Mr. Warren will remain on the company's board.
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market.
His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key.
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind.
The reason is simple.
In the third quarter, the economy grew at a moderate 2.5% annual rate.
The price wasn't disclosed.
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked, he said.
Utilities management is a major commercial niche.
South Korea and the Soviet Union have no diplomatic relations but exchanged trade offices earlier this year.
Warner tells another.
Mr. Semel, in his affidavit, doesn't mention any hugging or congratulating.
Terms on both deals weren't disclosed.
The system is still under construction and will serve a market of 7,600 homes.
Neither side showed any sign of retreating.
The dividend will be paid Nov. 22 to shares of record Nov. 7.
Over the weekend, McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN.
We're surprised.
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients' accounts.
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index.
Friday's Market Activity
What's happening here isn't justified by the fundamentals."
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines.
Spain's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections, saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat.
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting.
Police detained more than 350 people.
There wasn't any evidence of survivors.
The plane failed to reach Molokai's airport Saturday while on a flight from the neighboring island of Maui.
The company says sales have soared.
Unilever won't comment; Schering, however, denies the brand is for sale.
That figure has been inching up for several years.
Industry consultants say only Schering-Plough, which makes the mass-market Maybelline, has maintained a meaningful business.
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment.
The senators responded in kind.
Moreover, both sides may face political critics.
It's an unrealistic expectation.
Censorship isn't a Marxist invention.
The czars were no civil libertarians.
The statement angered Chairman Greenspan, but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets.
Those concerns aren't expressed in public.
The administration's concerns are understandable.
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission:
Their effort has received a lukewarm response from the Justice Department.
(Judge Mayer was not on the three-member panel.)
The date was misstated in Friday's edition.
The leveraged buy-out group of GE Capital now reports to Mr. Carpenter.
He also improved the firm's compliance procedures for trading.
Mr. Lee, president of Luzon Petrochemical Corp., said the contract was signed Wednesday in Tokyo with USI Far East officials.
Franklin is a closed-end management investment company.
He wants it now.
"They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now."
The divisions that Parker Hannifin is retaining weren't mentioned in Thursday's edition.
The year was misstated in Friday's editions.
The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain and 2,000 abroad.
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets.
The office also said Mrs. Marcos and her husband weren't brought to the U.S. against their will after Mr. Marcos was ousted as president.
The trial begins today in federal court in Philadelphia.
No employee or vendor would be involved.
Officials at Gulf Power couldn't be reached for comment.
Further, under the agreement, First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices.
However, about 120 employees will be affected by the agreement.
October employment data -- also could turn out to be the most confusing.
$2,057,750,000.
$675,400,000.
$1,048,500,000.
$588,350,000.
Unlike other companies, it hasn't pin-pointed specific projects for the funds.
Union sentiment also could influence shareholder reaction to a Jaguar-GM accord.
I'm OK."
I got my feet on the floor.
Two feet.
He listens impassively.
Television news, of course, has always been part show-biz.
ABC News has similarly branched out into entertainment gimmickry.
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras.
It takes one person's account and gives it authenticity."
The president of CBS News, David W. Burke, didn't return numerous telephone calls.
Terms of the transaction weren't disclosed.
Thereafter, the rate will be renegotiated.
The introductions also mark Texas Instruments' plunge back into a technology it has all but ignored for the past several years.
The results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years.
The franchiser of pharmacies said the added shares will be distributed Dec. 4 to stock of record Nov. 13.
Sales of electric appliances were flat, and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly.
No individuals were charged in the indictment.
Wilfred closed its Massachusetts schools earlier this year.
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night.
The transaction will take place tomorrow.
The transaction is expected to close by Nov. 30.
Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas.
Third-quarter profits fell at several companies.
Bond market analysts say the institutional selling was triggered by several factors.
Fundamental factors are at work as well.
In other markets:
Americans didn't dislike metrics; they simply ignored them.
Scientists felt differently.
The companies are automotive-emissions-testing concerns.
Here is the Commerce Department's latest report on personal income.
Hubert de la Bouillaire, an editor on the film, backs Mr. Peters in a separate sworn declaration.
Under previous terms, holders would have received a dividend of only $20 a share.
That money also would have to be borrowed.
President de Klerk's government permitted the rally, and security forces didn't interfere.
The Oakland Athletics won baseball's World Series, defeating the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep.
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation.
El Paso owns and operates a petroleum refinery.
They should never be on.
The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received.
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina.
The city's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling.
He said his sales force is signing up schools at the rate of 25 a day.
Whittle has met some resistance.
Advertisers are showing interest.
Now, stock prices seem to be in a general retreat.
With all this, can stock prices hold their own?
Its Houston work force now totals 230.
And today, many of their children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren remain on welfare.
In the meantime, the landowners continue receiving generous subsidies that began during New Deal days.
Chairman
Your story is an insult to the citizens of the Mississippi Delta.
And the stock market's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there.
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators.
BOND FUNDS:
MONEY MARKET FUNDS:
This city doesn't work that way."
These people have different agendas.
Reform starts in the Pentagon.
Strategists should consider the impact of budget uncertainties at the beginning of the planning process.
A strategic review is fundamentally different.
Mr. Spinney is a permanent Pentagon official.
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense.
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.
Trading in Hang Seng index futures remains crippled by the experience.
Despite the initial support expected, trading in the contract is likely to start slowly.
Pricing terms weren't available.
Thereafter, interest paid annually at 7.65%.
Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity.
London had some problems, too.
Some dealers say other traders weren't picking up their phones.
(By comparison, German domestic stock volume in Frankfurt only doubled that day.)
The switch to the London market during such turbulent times is significant.
The charter was approved by the EC Commission on Sept. 21.
Sam Ramirez and his men are late.
If they finish today, the Sharpshooter can pump tomorrow.
What happened?
Also, the new stirrings are faint, and some question their extent.
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC.
For OPEC, that's ideal.
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them, and has led to widespread cheating.
Santa Fe Energy Co., a unit of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Co., bought from Amoco the rights that allowed it to drill the Sharpshooter.
Wall Street generally likes the industry again.
For most field workers, it's about time.
That's the word.
The word is out."
The defendants couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
This means the returns can vary a great deal.
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines.
Now, a new law in Texas seems to be providing the proof.
The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild, and the family's banking activities focused on London and Paris.
The family's long absence is understandable.
The Paris bank doesn't publish that figure.
Lawyers for the company and executives couldn't be reached for comment.
He wouldn't specify what it was.
Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist.
Lawmakers in both houses support the higher level.
They lied to me on the recruiting trip.
They just want to get their job done at any cost to the athlete."
ABUSE to our bodies is overwhelming.
They want late-night shuttles to the biology labs.
It could work.
A closing date hasn't been set.
AGIP already has an oil stake in Libya.
Rigid ideological restrictions on property ownership should be abandoned.
Some forms of private property would be sanctioned.
Candid Comment
She had an idea.
This is Bobby Thomson."
They talked of the home run.
They talked of the aftermath.
Rents have soared along with house prices.
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position.
Within the past two months a bomb exploded in the offices of the El Espectador in Bogota, destroying a major part of its installations and equipment.
Distribution centers are bombed, and advertisers are intimidated.
In my opinion, this is not true.
He withdrew the remark.
The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn.
The Hammacks' own home, also in Los Gatos, suffered comparatively minor damage.
For Aetna and other insurers, the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched.
Offices were set up in San Francisco and San Jose.
Her new line of work has some perils.
The ground shakes underneath her.
Even Ms. Johnson herself made that assumption.
She lives in Oakland, a community hit hard by the earthquake.
She didn't have hot water for five days.
The FCC "didn't say I couldn't do it again," he said.
Chairperson
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts' estimates.
Otherwise, actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate.
They are expected to have an average life of 3.16 years.
The maker of telecommunications management systems had 6,420,268 shares outstanding as of Sept. 30.
Some equipment going to work is almost new.
His appointment expands the board to 13 members.
Futures, he says, merely cut down on trading costs.
An excellent environmental actor he is.
Crestmont is conducting a search for a chief executive.
The key man seems to be the campaign manager, Mr. Lynch.
Sometimes repairs are out of the question.
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds, too.
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson's announcement.
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission:
He's a rare Democratic hawk.
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining.
The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars.
The British economy is hardly the picture of health these days.
Qintex Australia is a unit of Qintex Ltd.
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities.
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market.
The Fed's stock market role ought not to be very ambitious.
Bank of England officials said the central bank had no comment on Mr. Lawson's resignation.
This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all."
The entire division employs about 850 workers.
Terms for the venture, which would be jointly owned by both companies, weren't disclosed.
The shift won't affect operations.
But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday.
All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business.
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading.
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity.
These figures aren't seasonally adjusted.
But again, the themes get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz's elliptical storytelling.
Mr. Horwitz is a Journal staff reporter covering the Middle East.
Jack Kemp wants to abolish it.
They won't have that incentive because they won't have that market.
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories.
The record date is Nov. 9.
The product automates an array of functions performed at small to medium-size printing companies.
Mr. Salvatori should know.
In January, Mr. Salvatori sold the unit.
If nothing else, the 57-year-old's past has its share of dents.
He's had other brushes with the law.
He also owns courses in the U.S. and France.
He also leads an opulent life style.
He speaks only in Filipino.
There's also resentment.
Periodically, there are threats that the program will fold.
The company didn't announce the sale until after the close of the market.
It's a nuisance tax on mergers.
Line-item veto."
The Vatican was in the red last year.
There will be no sightseeing, no shopping and no social events."
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco.
This autumn's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31.
DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition.
Taken together, the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks.
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics.
In major market activity:
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading.
Yield on the issue was 7.88%.
If sales don't pick up, the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again.
Detroit-based GM doesn't issue separate quarterly earnings for the North American automotive business.
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan.
The price wasn't disclosed.
Mr. Kilpatrick will remain a director.
Among the rules:
My universe has changed.
Dan Rather served as emcee.
What accounts for the difference?
Terms weren't disclosed.
Terms weren't disclosed, but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock.
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months.
It didn't provide details of setup costs.
Two segments posted lower earnings for the quarter.
The company is being acquired.
Computer Sciences said its work will improve mail-processing efficiency.
It has three U.S. branches.
Ohbayashi is Japan's second largest construction company.
Sun's results were slightly better than expectations.
The company said a new chief operating officer won't be appointed.
The company's trustee, F.E. Agnew, was unavailable for comment.
Sentences have been stiff.
If tests indicated a low number of red cells, blood wasn't taken.
(During its centennial year, The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history.)
Pension reform was its main thrust.
The IRA's conception is murky.
Times have changed.
Now, sterilized intervention may have some effect.
The dollar is still highly volatile.
There is evidence to support that view.
Mr. Carter is a political commentator who heads a television production firm.
Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids.
Americans may not be so lucky the next time.
In August, the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard.
One person who is past worrying about London's blues is Christopher Hartley.
The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger.
The move was approved at a special shareholders' meeting yesterday.
(There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country.)
Ford managed to show a profit for the quarter primarily because of earnings from overseas auto operations and financial services.
What's more, it represents an important step for the Alley Theater.
Rochester will exchange shares of its common stock for all shares outstanding of Viroqua Telephone, a family-owned company.
Terms of the accord weren't disclosed.
The case went on appeal to the Second Circuit.
This case realizes that concern."
Yet at the moment they are the judges who are making the law.
The "Bare-Faced Messiah" decision strikes a blow against the whole historical enterprise.
No such statement appears on the tapes.
The historical profession will survive these decisions.
Mr. Milgrim succeeds David Berman, who resigned last month.
It has always been so.
To the rest of us, the case is a puzzle.
The appointments are effective Nov. 1.
Corroon said it will announce a successor to Mr. Crane at a later date.
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee.
United Illuminating also amended its rate plan.
It won't happen again.
It showed the DJIA up 30 points.
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing.
He didn't elaborate.
His other agreements to promote products have expired.
In major market activity:
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading.
The dollar was virtually unchanged.
Probably, it didn't.
Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits, among other things.
No schedule for formal talks was set, but meetings are expected to begin soon.
The spokeswoman said the exchange would resume trading of Delmed stock today.
The value of the company has changed."
Delmed also would receive the North American rights to certain Fresenius AG products.
So Brooks gave the dirty work to Coin Wrap Inc., which came up with an unusual solution.
Everyone falls in love with everyone else.
A big solitary bear.
Two hunters in the forest.
The animals' point of view."
After that, it will make a final decision on the policy.
Athena eventually acquired exclusive rights to the technology and currently is developing it.
Indeed, institutions already are taking note.
The damage is already done."
Indentical conditions for the two parts.
Other terms to be fixed Nov. 1.
The system also provides course-correction advisories.
WHO'S NEWS:
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal.
Stocks rose in London, but fell again in Frankfurt.
Trading was active.
Meanwhile, Wall Street's volatility unnerved investors in other markets.
The percentage change is since year-end.
Also participating in the issue was Servifilm Spain Cinematografica S.A.
There are no agreements yet."
The FBI had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until June
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year.
Terms weren't disclosed.
COTTON:
Futures prices rose modestly, but trading volume wasn't very heavy.
Several cotton analysts said that the move appeared to be mostly technical.
Moody's changes affected the following issues:
The average drifted in a trading range of about 30 points throughout the day.
Manville advanced 3/4 to 10.
Also, the company posted improved third-quarter earnings.
Volume totaled 8,930,000 shares.
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude.
Similar sentiments were voiced on Capitol Hill.
The action will establish a two-tier exchange rate.
William Coors is their uncle.
The service didn't identify its Tokyu sources.
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31.
In the recent past, bond buyers didn't seek such assurance.
Now, apparently, they do.
Big financial stocks carried the day.
Biotechnology issues were strong.
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.
Mr. Pound responded, "It's a deal."
Mr. Pilson's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price.
Viewers may not be cheering, either.
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender.
Mr. Tisch, a billionaire in hotels and finance, was just learning the TV business.
That started the still-raging bidding wars.
It's also a fast fix for an ailing image.
That isn't surprising.
No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak.
Even the boon to affiliate relations may be limited.
The Winter Games outlook also is mixed.
Bosses have big ears these days.
Upgrades to bigger models also will be costlier.
Terms weren't disclosed.
Concord is a camera and photographic products company.
Meanwhile, President Bush stepped up his personal lobbying for the capital-gains tax cut.
Judge Merhige will make the appointment.
An ITT spokesman said the charge wasn't publicly reported at the time.
The 150,000-square-foot plant will be constructed on a 55-acre site near Dublin.
The program expires April 27.
Bishop is based in Hutchinson, Kansas.
The board increased to 11 seats.
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management.
Mr. Bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question.
Analysts had mixed responses to the results.
