The president, with deserved reputation since coming to power 16 months ago to fully exploit his oratory and accused by his detractors of verbal incontinence is silent from the moment in which the Supreme Court (TSJ) has decided to temporarily suspend the multiple elections to the "technical" failure to celebrate on May 28.
Chavez dismissed the madding crowd last Thursday with his shortest televised speech, called a "corporate" by observers, in which he accepted the postponement of the elections and praised the "teaching" as a triumph of democracy in Venezuela.
Since then entered into silence.
No one knows what the new date proposed for the feedback, and if you want them together or separately, nor when it will resume the campaign.
Usually speak through his mouth occasionally both Foreign Minister Jose Vicente Rangel, true "spokesman" of the government, as President of the National Legislative Committee (CLN) or Congresillo, Luis Miquilena, that's who apparently has all springs in the new electoral scenario.
For the Foreign Ministry knows that the presidential visit scheduled between 16 and 25 June in several countries of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), in order to refine details ahead of the Second Summit of the oil cartel in Caracas is in the eaves until the elections are fixed.
Miquilena, meanwhile, has become once more since Chavez took the Chair in the "wild card" of the game, it will set the tone for the political foreseeable future.
If the Supreme Court does not intervene to support an action for the Ombudsman to prevent Congresillo designate "a finger" tomorrow, Friday, the new leadership of the National Electoral Council (CNE), Miquilena its discretion to appoint officials that agency.
The CNE was charged a few days ago by the majority of the Venezuelan political forces to be the true and causing nico postponement of voting due to "incompetence" of its five members, complicating the already complex multiple choice with continuous corrections in the databases of the automated process.
The CNE above, also elected by Miquilena, resigned in the last Monday after enduring a barrage of criticism for his "lack of experience" and its five members have been barred from leaving the country, while they are judicially investigated for their behavior.
Now the Congresillo want to save the forms and get to the "civil society" (Church, parties, employers, unions) what the appropriate and balanced composition of the CNE supposed guarantor of the fairness of the elections would be, in order to give a democratic to what will be a designation dye.
Elias Jaua member Congresillo, believes the new NEC members must have experience "managing complex processes," and must be persons of independence and balance, respectability and moral standing, which was called into question with the previous directive.
Meanwhile, Defense Minister, General Eliezer Hurtado, was forced to step out of almost permanent normal coup rumors and denied that division in the military ranks and much unless you are in a conspiracy against Chavez.
"The people can be sure that there is nothing here of conspiracy, nor is imprisoned anyone for those reasons either," Hurtado said in a press conference.
He said he does not know the source of the rumors, which were allegedly motivated by an alleged split in the military between Chavez supporters and supporters of presidential candidate and retired military, Francisco Arias Cárdenas, who himself has dwelt in giving their views on the "horseplay" postponement of the election
Favors amnesty fourteen colonels arrested and more than a hundred junior officers prosecuted for participating in the coup against Mahuad facilitated succession in the presidency of Gustavo Noboa.
Congress requested by the head of the State itself, the use of amnesty has been required by all social fronts have announced their unconditional support to rebel soldiers.
Noboa, who was vice president in the government of Mahuad and was succeeded in office after his fall, considers that the amnesty will allow the peace of the nation and the creation of an enabling environment for dialogue and consultation.
And is that the rebel colonels have broad sympathy among the population, because, according to polls, most welcomes have supported that social movements demanding Mahuad output, accused of having deepened the economic crisis affecting the country.
The leader of the military movement was Colonel Lucio Gutiérrez, who supported the thousands of Indians who occupied the January 21 Legislative Palace and then marched to the center of Quito to take possession of the Presidential Palace.
Gutierrez does not regret taking part in the insurrection against Mahuad and is sure that the attitude of the officers due to the high degree of corruption that was said during the previous administration.
The colonel wants to conclude his brilliant military career, but still awaits possible disciplinary sanctions that could impose military control.
The amnesty, according to opinions of MPs, does not prevent the military authorities imposing disciplinary sanctions the officers involved because the political action only sets the suspension of civil and criminal proceedings followed in the Court of Military Justice.
Popular fronts are unwilling to impose sanctions Armed Forces and if anything, the applied convene protests against military commanders, as said the leader of the Coordinator of Social Movements, Napoleon Saltos.
"We will be vigilant that the Constitution is complied with and that the amnesty is total, then it is no retaliation or revenge against the military the pretext of disciplinary action is taken," said the leader.
He added that if the military commanders do not comply fully amnesty, "which is a position of the majority of the population", and impose disciplinary sanctions that could reach the separation of the rebel military ranks, social groups resume demonstrations and may reach "greater convulsion".
President of the Legislative, Juan José Pons, agreed that amnesty is intended "to pacify the country," and restore calm the nation needs to address other pressing issues like the economy, poverty.
The adoption of the amnesty "is an example of civic responsibility of the Ecuadorian Congress, in order to" forget the past events to build a new story, "said Pons
A couple of days ago, I saw a unique sidewalk five containers together: a green metal container (for recycling glass); a yellow metal container (for recycling paper: but no cards, clarified!); one green container (but plastic: for regular trash); another (smaller, attached to the paper, to recycle standard batteries) yellow container; and a smaller still (placed on the above for button cells).
Recycling, saving, utilization of waste and combating energy waste in rich countries.
Imbued with this spirit, an English writer - exceptional and sarcastic - recently proposed that water from the hot water can not throw it.
Mardi, he said, is a waste; thing to do is recycle, save and re-heat the next day.
Yes, sir.
And, at the table, that's it for use chopsticks once and throw them away.
You have to pick them up after use, wash the food scraps that have been attached and make them dry.
In this way each of us prevent hectares and hectares of forest are depleted every day to make these petty sticks that delve between caries.
And, since there we are, another tip: decayed teeth that we start the dentist, no throw.
Conveniently strung on a nylon thread, and alternating with the bones of olives appetizer (which we will have saved obviously: here nothing is thrown away) get a nice necklace recycled ecological gift eg the maid.
The error was you bought it on sale.
At the end of last Christmas, nativity store price offered births burning.
And we burn.
We have had to think about it.
Were too cheap to be good.
So when we uncovered the box a few days ago, we discovered that the three kings were white and that instead of a baby Jesus, were two.
Were identical.
The only difference was in the color of the diaper: one was white and the other red.
The absence of Baltasar was understandable but alarming wave of racism meant that had just come to the cribs.
But the existence of two infants in the same box could only be due to an oversight at the factory.
Hence the sales.
- I know what happens - said one of my daughters -.
